Update Set Up External Auth Docs (#2114)
kubesphere/website: content/en/docs/access-control-and-account-management/external-authentication/use-an-ldap-service.md

## Prerequisites

* You need to deploy a Kubernetes cluster and install KubeSphere in the cluster. For details, see [Installing on Linux](/docs/installing-on-linux/) and [Installing on Kubernetes](/docs/installing-on-kubernetes/).

* You need to obtain the manager distinguished name (DN) and manager password of an LDAP service.

> * If you are using KubeSphere 3.2.0, run the following command before configuring LDAP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are using KubeSphere 3.2.0, run the following command after configuring LDAP and waiting until ks-install run successfully:
```

Author: Updated in [this commit](https://github.com/kubesphere/website/pull/2114/commits/0066310ba9572a4d23638705e4b22e4a5d26ec5a).

## Procedure

1. Log in to KubeSphere as `admin`, move the cursor to <img src="/images/docs/access-control-and-account-management/external-authentication/set-up-external-authentication/toolbox.png" width="20px" height="20px"> in the lower-right corner, click **kubectl**, and run the following command to edit `ks-installer` of the CRD `ClusterConfiguration`:

   ```bash
   kubectl -n kubesphere-system edit cc ks-installer
   ```

   Example:

   ```yaml
   spec:
     authentication:
       jwtSecret: ''
       authenticateRateLimiterMaxTries: 10
       authenticateRateLimiterDuration: 10m0s

>        loginHistoryRetentionPeriod: 168h

Reviewer: Those settings are confusing, since there's not relation with LDAP, Just remove them.
```
       authenticateRateLimiterMaxTries: 10
       authenticateRateLimiterDuration: 10m0s
       loginHistoryRetentionPeriod: 168h
```
